Update nf-azure: Add Azure Batch node communication mode option (#7337)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/azure.mdx

Virtual networks require Microsoft Entra authentication (service principal or managed identity).
:::

**Node communication mode**

> Pools can be configured to use [simplified compute node communication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/batch/simplified-compute-node-communication), which changes how the Batch service communicates with the compute nodes and reduces the outbound network access required by the nodes.
> 
> ```groovy
> azure.batch.pools.<pool-name>.targetCommunicationMode = 'simplified'  // 'simplified' or 'classic'
> ```
> 
> When this option is not set, the Azure Batch service selects the communication mode.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To use [simplified compute node communication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/batch/simplified-compute-node-communication), set `targetCommunicationMode` to `simplified`. This changes how the Batch service communicates with the compute nodes and reduces the outbound network access the nodes require.

```groovy
azure.batch.pools.<pool-name>.targetCommunicationMode = 'simplified'  // 'simplified' or 'classic'
```

When this option is not set, the Azure Batch service selects the communication mode.
````
